---
date: 2025-12-23
tags:
  - daily
location: Eugene
who:
  - None
Focus: Organization
---
# Goal for the Day
> Continue organizing notes and docs from 2025 in preparation for 2026
> Finish all scheduling tasks for the weeks after break so I don't forget next year

# Day in Review
I organized more thoughts and wrote down what we all need to be doing next year. I scheduled meetings and wrote messages to folks to get alignment for arch. I also spend time organizing the AOH board, and cleaning up the ARCH board. 

I also played with some git pre-commit hooks and tried to get the [[00_Dashboard]] page to render as flat markdown and add it to the commit. Unfortunately, I was unable to do this within a couple hours and gave up.

I think we're in a good place to start the new year in a few weeks.

# Meetings

## [[Eng Leadership Standup]]
- [ ] Send [[Janice]] ideas for what to present during the AKO for the Engineering teams, including my Arch Review
- [x] [[Ellis]] would like me to figure out how to present at AKO, ARCH review! ✅ 2025-12-23

# Notes of the Day
- [ ] #project Event Driven Architecture
- [ ] #project Vendor Onboarding Doc
- [ ] #project Event Exhaust
- [ ] #project Verification Endpoint Protection for Spotify et al
- [ ] #project Architecture Review

- [ ] Review [Gaby's API Protection Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XI-H4nSqnbP63vp7_7HGS26aIkzkOlLb02DjuvnBBkw/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.msk9cp8zvgt7) ⏫ 

## Scheduling Project

From Arch Office Hours
- [x] #schedule https://sheerid.atlassian.net/browse/ARCHOFC-175 WAFing ✅ 2025-12-23
- [x] #schedule [ARCHOFC-176: "You're Done" UX](https://sheerid.atlassian.net/browse/ARCHOFC-176) ✅ 2025-12-23

Other:
- [ ] #schedule Disco for more EDA
- [ ] #schedule Trip to Toronto
- [ ] #schedule Trip to Portland for Arch OnSite
- [x] #schedule Remove all meetings from calendar over break ✅ 2025-12-23

## Tracking
- [ ] #tracking [Bitnami](https://sheerid.atlassian.net/browse/AOH-172)

## Old Docs Cleanup Effort


> [!Note]- From Friday in my old notes
> One pager on data exhaust issue
> 
> https://sheerid.atlassian.net/browse/SB-2145
> https://sheerid.atlassian.net/jira/polaris/projects/PR/ideas/view/6434515?selectedIssue=PR-139
> 
> 
> Schedule call for:
> - ARCH OFFICE HOURS - Kevin, conor, toby, gaby, aaron
> - ARCHOFC-175
> - Disco for more eda


> [!Note]- Other note slugs from other notes to collate
> project sherpard --> https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HJiRJ3EPg6Z4712DJ9NCdaIQJ-ZLBUnsTUUqEQOEAoU/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.iyuyd6uop5r6
> 
> Mono repo decoupling
> 
> Gaby / dylan's eventing project
> 
> Doc review decoupling - blocking aaron's team
> 	- [plan](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GTn1WZFnsNTvpscZPZ2Q_IaY6Iwxn3pfnP685rE3Zjg/edit?tab=t.0)
> 
> Review: https://sheerid.atlassian.net/browse/PR-139
> 
> Follow up on [Toby's idea](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Fbjxz9ek7ndDbNeTqhQGo2Yo_YmKnnuLxKh2ms38NkI/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.p5ab2hcyg0sd)...



